%% Copyright (c) 2012 Magnus Lång, Mikael Wiberg and Michael Bergroth, Eric Arnerlöv
%% See the file license.txt for copying permission.

0,0	0	This is the main hall of the towns church. The walls are made of white marble and the roof is covered by huge paintings depicting historical events. There are candles burning everywhere giving the place a feeling of life as the shadows play. Although the church is small, you are overwhelmed by its sanctity. A gate leads out to the city to the south.
-1,-1	0	In this corner of the town all the doors and windows are barred shut. It is very quiet here. To the east you see the towns church and to the south you see the blacksmith.
0,-1	0	You are outside the towns church. The church is not very big and grand but it only adds to its mystery. The white walls of the church shine in the bright sunlight and it's hard to look at it without squinting. The gate to the church is open to the north. To the south you see the town square.
-2,-2	0	This is the towns blacksmith. The giant forge makes the room warm and brightly lit. Weapons and armors in great quality decorate the rooms walls. A door leads out to the city to the east.
-1,-2	0	You are outside the towns blacksmith. The doors to the blacksmith are open and you hear the steady beat of iron being hammered from inside. To the south you see several colorful gypsy wagons. To the east you see the town square.
0,-2	0	This is the town square. A large well stands in the middle of the square and besides it you see an even larger tree. The tree looks hundreds year old and its leafage gives the area shelter from the warm sun. On the tree you see that someone has put up a note. The note reads as following: "WANTED: Brave men and women to battle the evil that has taken root in the cave to the east!" Signed by the major himself. To the north you can see the towns church, to the west you see the blacksmith and in the south you see the large Inn. The only way out of the town that you can see from here is the bridge to the east.
1,-2	0	You are on a street in the small town. The road here seems to have seen a lot of traffic in it's days since it is beat up and dirt is showing where cobblestones once laid. To the east you see the bridge leading out of town and to the west you can see the towns square. Both north and south houses blocks the way.
2,-2	1:road:1-1	You are on the bridge that connects the town to the outside world. Beneath the bridge runs a mighty river and to the south you see a large waterfall pouring down huge amounts of water from the tall mountain. The sound of the waterfall is almost deafening. To the north you can see the river flowing towards the great sea. To the west you have the town and to the east you see the road continues to follow along the foot of the mountain.
-1,-3	0	In this corner of the town stands several colorful gypsy wagons. Wares and items of trade are arrayed neatly for by passers to see. This place is full of life and from somewhere you can hear music and singing. To the north you see the blacksmith and to the east you see the towns Inn.
0,-3	0	You are outside of the towns large Inn. Music and laughter pours out from its open doors. The road here is so bad that you have to watch where you put your feet down to not get mud all over them. It seems that the inhabitants of the small town come here to forget their worries.
0,-4	0	This is the common room of the towns Inn. The room is brightly lit from the great fireplace that is the central part of the room. The room is full of tables and chairs. Music fills your ears while the smell of the food makes your stomach groan.
4,-3	1:road:7-10	You are on a small path leading up the mountain. A large pile of fallen stones and boulders bares the path south. It seems that there has been a natural accident and you need to wait until towns inhabitants removes the boulders if you want to go south.
3,-2	1:road:1-3	You are on a small road that follows the mountain in the south. To the west you have the bridge into town and to the east the road continues along the mountain.
4,-2	1:road:1-4	You are on a small road that follows the mountain in the south. The road climbs up a small path into the mountain to the south, its very small and narrow. To the north a great forest stretches out and you can hear strange birds chirping within it. To the west you see a small town.
5,-2	0	You are in on a small field. Bushes of various sizes grow all around the place, they have sharp thorns and you have to be careful where you step. To the south the mountain stands tall.
6,-2	1:forest:2-3	You are in a small clearing in the wilderness. The mountain from the south and east meets here. And in the mountain to the east you see a large cave opening. There are several tracks on the ground outside and around the cave opening, they don't look to come from humans. To the north you see a great forest.
3,-1	1:beach:1-3	You are on the shore, following the river. On the other side of the river you see the wooden walls of the town. The soft sand here makes walking tough. The sound of a waterfall can be heard in the distance and the river is flowing northward towards the sea in a great speed. To the east you see a great forest.
4,-1	1:forest:1-3	You are in a old part of the forest. The trees here are tall and look very old. To the west you can hear water gushing.
5,-1	2:forest:4-6	You are in a very dark part of the forest. The shadows here play tricks on your mind and you feel very uneasy. Wierd noises can be heard in the distance. There is more forest in each direction.
6,-1	1:forest:3-5	You are in a forest. A small hut stands here. It looks very old and worn down. Its front door lies broken on the ground and the hut looks deserted. To the east and north the mountain blocks your path.
3,0	1:beach:1-3	This is where the river flows out into the sea. The great sea stretches out in the north and you see nothing but water and sky in that direction. To the south the shore follows the river inland and to the east you see a great forest.
4,0	1:forest:1-6	The forest is thick in this place and it makes the area dimly lit and hard to see in since almost no sunlight makes it through the foliage. Strange sounds come from all around you and you feel uneasy. To the west and north you can hear water gushing.
5,0	0	This is a large clearing in the forest with a small pond in the middle. Sunlight pours in from above and illuminates the small pond and the area around it. You feel a sense of calm in this beautiful place. To the east the mountain stands tall.
4,1	2:beach:2-5	You are on the shore looking out on the great sea. You can see the remains of several large shipwrecks far out into the sea. The sea here must be filled with dangerous reefs invisible beneath the surface. 
5,1	2:beach:3-7	You are on the shore looking out on the great sea. To the east the sea meets the mountain.
7,-2	1:cave:1-2	You are inside a cave mouth. To the west the bright sunlight from outside pours in from the caves opening, illuminating you and your surroundings. To the east the cave continues deeper into the mountain.
8,-2	1:cave:1-3	You are at a 3-way fork in a dark cave. From the west you can see sunlight and the caves exit. To the east and south the cave continues.
8,-3	2:cave:1-3	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
8,-4	2:cave:1-3	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
9,-4	1:cave:2-4	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
9,-5	1:cave:4-6	You are in a dark cave. A lit torch on the wall gives the room some light. 
10,-5	1:cave:4-7	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
11,-5	2:cave:4-7	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
11,-4	1:cave:4-6	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything. You hear dripping of water from somewhere, its hard to make out from where in this darkness.
10,-3	1:cave:3-5	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
11,-3	1:cave:3-5	You are in a dark cave. A lit torch on the wall gives the room some light. 
9,-2	1:cave:2-4	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
10,-2	1:cave:3-5	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
11,-2	1:cave:3-6	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything. Small glowing mushrooms grow on the ground here.
12,-2	1:cave:5-9	You are in a dark cave. It is very dark here, you can barely see anything.
12,-1	1:cave:10-10	You are in a cave. Here the room is lit by torches that hang on the walls. In the middle of the room there is a big altar that is covered with blood. The blood is not fresh and has long since dried. The altar has runic carvings on it that you cannot make sense of.
